Add more pages bindings info (#7979)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-nuxt-site.md

## Use bindings in your Nuxt application

> A [binding](/pages/platform/functions/bindings/) allows your application to interact with Cloudflare developer products, such as [KV](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/how-kv-works/), [Durable Object](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/), [R2](/r2/), and [D1](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-d1/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pages Functions allow you to take advantage of [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/) and add dynamic functionality to add to your Pages site. With Pages Functions, you can integrate with storage solutions, connect to third party services, and use server-side rendering with your favorite full stack frameworks.

To use a Cloudflare storage resource, such as [KV](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/how-kv-works/), [Durable Object](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/), [R2](/r2/), and [D1](/d1/), with your Pages project:

1. Create a [Pages Function](/pages/platform/functions/get-started/).
2. Create a [binding](/pages/platform/functions/bindings/) that allows your Pages Function and storage resource to communicate.
```

> In Nuxt you can add server-side code via [Server Routes and Middleware](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/server#server-directory), there the `defineEventHandler()` method is used to define your API endpoints in which you can access Cloudflare's context via the provided `context` field and consecutively any bindings set for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Nuxt, add server-side code via [Server Routes and Middleware](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/server#server-directory). The `defineEventHandler()` method is used to define your API endpoints in which you can access Cloudflare's context via the provided `context` field. The `context` field allows you to access any bindings set for your application.
```

Reviewer: What is "Cloudflare's context"? The bindings?

Author: yeah sorry, bad wording on my part 😓

Nuxt provides a `context` object in which they put all the various Cloudflare info ([source](https://github.com/unjs/nitro/blob/1dcf5c463ffca8776e6c2dc796f16844ff2fcc8f/src/runtime/entries/cloudflare-pages.ts#L40-L47)), so I thought of mentioning this info as "Cloudflare's context"

Reviewer: Is `field` here still accurate? Or should it be `context` object?

Author: ah no yeah good point, it would be better to call it object in the last sentence, or could we actually not repeat `context`? (since you can also change its name)

something like:
```diff
-access Cloudflare's context via the provided `context` field. The `context` field allows you to access any bindings set for your application.
+access Cloudflare's context via the provided `context` field. Such object allows you to access any bindings set for your application.
```

Reviewer: I think it's good as is to be honest! What we have reads clearly to me :)

The following code block shows an example of accessing a KV namespace in Nuxt.

```typescript
---
filename: src/my-endpoint.get.ts
highlight: [2, 3]
---
export default defineEventHandler(({ context }) => {

>   // the type KVNamespace comes from the @cloudflare/workers-types package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // the type `KVNamespace` comes from the @cloudflare/workers-types package
```
